Journal

---Last Seed, 17th, 4E 201---
Damn. The past few days feel both feel like a lifetime and a blur. I was crossing the border into Skyrim on my way to Solitude when I was stuck in the back of the head. When I came to, I was shacked and in the back of a cart. There were several men whom were also shacked with me as well. Seems Skyrim is in the middle of a civil war - between a group caled the "Stormcloaks" and the Imperials. I just happened to stumble into their ambush and rather than use their brains, they decided I was part of the stormcloak resistance. I'm sure the fact that I carried a sack filled with silver had nothing to do with their decision to take my horse and all stuff, then throw me in chains.

The cart was headed to a small Imperial fort called helgen where an execution for us all awaited. When we arrived, they unloaded us all of the carts, including the leader of the Stormcloaks himself "Ulfric." Another stormcloak soldier was also with us, "Ralof." Then the captain ordered the execution to begin. As I was about to be beheaded, a DRAGON appeared from the clouds. Burning red and black, he burned the place to rubble. Servers the Imperial bastards right! In the chaos, the stormcloak soldiers made their escape, as did I. I went with Ralof and we made use of an underground tunnel system to escape. Afterwards we made our way to his sister's lumbermill in the small village of Riverwood. His sister was kind enough to give me some supplies in exchange for going to Whiterun, a city to the north, and letting local Jarl know of the dragon attack. Since they were gracious enough to help me, and the fact that I likely wouldn't have made it out without Ralof's help, I agreed.

There are a few hours of light left, so I plan on making the journey now rather than in the morning. It doesn't help I don't have enough copper for a room at the inn... Thankfully Ralof's sister gave me a tent and bedroll, so at least I'll be able to sleep somewhere other than the dirt.

Since I need some coin, I asked around at the inn for any work, and they gave me a bounty on some local bandits. Seems my bounty hunting days aren't over yet. My dad would be happy about that...

I write this as I sit in my tent just outside Whiterun's gate. I started  raining as I neared the city. I heard fighting and as I got closer, I found the source. A giant was attempting to raid one of the outlying farms and a small band of warriors was defending. I let loose a couple arrows at the giant's head, but the warrior fell dead moments later from the many sword wounds the warriors had already inflicted upon it.

One of the warriors named Aela thanked me for my limited help and told me of a local guild called the Companions. Seems they're a group of mercencies who fight for coin - as much as I would prefer to keep my past in past, it seems fate has other ideas. I'm a stranger in these lands and am both broke and homeless. I plan on visiting the Companions at first light to see if might be my solution.

I also found a small blue crystal that had a blue light shining up into the sky. I don't think anyone else noticed it but I felt drawn to it. As I got closer, I felt the urge to place my hand upon it. When my hand made contact with the crystal, I could feel its energies rushing into me, as they did the crystal faded from existence. I'm unsure what that was but I had the strangest sensation while I was absorbing that there were many others nearby. Odd.





---Last Seed, 18th, 4E 201---
I awoke earlier than I had wanted and it was still dark out. I decided to wander around the outside of Whiterun in an attempt to find someplace better to make camp. Near a small cave torwards the north of the city, I saw a campfire - nearing the cave I could tell it was a small smuggler's dev. Rather brave to be this close to the city. There were two smugglers - one with a bow, the other in armor. I took out the ranger with an arrow to the head - and weakened the other with two shots before he was on me. I switched to my blade and dagger, finishing him off. As I was scavaging the bandit's possessions I found a caravan merchant note worth a little over ten gold septims! Just laying on a shelf. While I was looting, the remainder of the smugglers arrived - one among them was a mage with a rather nice enchanted necklace of stamina.

I burned the bodies and made my way to the city. As luck would have it, a Kajit caravan arrived in the night. I exchanged the note I had found for its worth in copper. I met with the Jarl and told him of Riverwood's plight and I received a set of armor. I also met with the court wizard to purchase some spell tomes. I also agreed to delve into a nearby tomb for some kind of stone. I'm not looking forward to that but it suppossedly has some information on dragons. Who knows if I will meet another on the journey to Solitude, but information is power. I'm also sure I'll be paid. 

After meeting with the Jarl, I made my way to the companions guild. I met with the leader Kodlak, who had me spar with another member, Vilkas. I seemed up to Vilkas's standards and I was accepted into the guild. I was shown my quarters and given a job by Farkas, Vilkas' brother.

Membership in the guild included pretty much all the food and ale you could want as well as warm cots - seeems joining them was the correct choice after all!

I made my way out onto the plains outside Whiterun, as I had both the job from Farkas as well as a bounty on a local bandit leader who controlled the local Silent Moons Camp. I did not expect much but I was in for a surprise. The leader had a little over TWENTY bandits guarding the massive fort that surrounded the camp. As it was broad daylight, I was quickly spotted by every soul in a mile. After what seemed like hours, I made my way through bandits, with arrows flying and blades swinging.

Finally I found the bandit leader and claimed his head as proof of his death. My backpack was overflowing with loot so I've decided to make camp outside of the fortress and then make my way back to the city to sell what I can.

Locked away in a small room beneath the fort was the old remains of a man and his journal. It appears he had found some sort of powerful book which he had placed in a vault that was in the same room. Sadly the vault was shut tight, but the journal made mention of three stones litered around the province that might hold the key to unlocking it. Perhaps an interesting adventure I could sing about after college?





---Last Seed, 19th, 4E 201---
I awoke early in the morning and made my way back to Whiterun. I sold off the gear I found while looting the fortress. Then I quickly set off back out into the wilds to clear out another den of bandits for the Companions. I made my way to their hideout and cleared out the small number thieves who had made it their home. The narrow passage ways helped to keep the fights one-on-one. I took the leader's life and in his possession I happened to find a sword that a citizen of Whiterun had lost! It's a nice looking sword, so I plan on having a replica made before I return it to him.Hopefully there will be some sort of reward for my efforts - coin is always needed.

I spent the rest of the day training with my new bow that I found in Serenity, as well as studying some the of tomes I bought from the wizard.





---Last Seed, 22nd, 4E 201---
I've spent the last several days making use of the companions training ground.  I feel I've improved my bow and sword skill as much as I can for the moment - I've also used the time to study some more of my spell tomes. I've learned two new spells - Hush and Command. I feel both will be useful for the coming fight. I had a silver sword comissioned at Gray-manes forge and it is now ready. With my new blade and spells, my plan is to venture into the tomb the court wizard had mentioned. No doubt there will be undead so my new blade will certainly be put to use. In the morning I'll prepare my rations and make my way back south towards the tomb.





---Last Seed, 23rd, 4E 201---
In the morning I made my way to the tomb. There were some bandits guarding the entrance. After a fierce fight, I cleared the bandits outside as well as a small pack inside. Making my way further into the tomb, I found an area covered in webs. A man was yelling for the bandits for help, seems he had gone ahead of the others and pay the price for his haste. A huge ass spider came down from the ceiling. I tried my best not to look at it - I imagined I was fighting a dragon instead of it. It was certainly almost as big as one.... and I've actually seen a dragon!

I killed the spider and the bandit. In his bag was a golden claw with some symbols on it. Further in were some undead - not very surprising, tomb ALWAYS have undead! My silver sword made its entrance and proved to be worth the almost 8 gold septims I spent on it.

Eventually I found a doorway that was locked - on it were three rings with symbols similar to the ones on the claw. Seems the claw was the key - I used it to unlock the door. There I found a wall covered in strange runes - they almost seemed to fly of the wall and glow. As I got near to the wall, I felt the words embed themselves in my mind. I'm unsure what it means though I get the feeling it has something to do with force... Between dragons, glowing crystals, and magic walls - it might not have been the best time to visit skyrim...

I heard a thud behind me as a Drauger lord emerged from his coffin. His shouts brought me to my knees more than once but I quickly learned to dodge them. After he fell, I recovered the Dragonstone from his corpse. I made my way out of the tomb through a secret entrance and emerged on a ledge overlooking skyrim. In the darkness I stumbled off the edge and fell face first onto the ground... Not the most glorious end to such a journey but at least I survived the fall... barely.

I've made camp near where I fell and in the morning I'll return to the wizard.





---Last Seed, 24th, 4E 201---
I awoke and made my way back to Whiterun. I ran into a small camp of bandits which I cleared out with the help of a nearby friendly horse. I then rode the "borrowed" horse back to Riverwood, but there was a large bandit group patrolling the road. Perhaps going to the camp I had cleared?

Regardless, I put at end to them when they took a shot at my horse. I rode through Riverwood and onto Whiterun. I let the horse free in the fields outside the city. While it was only borrowed, the city guards might not be so understanding... When I entered the city, a strange priest in yellow accosted me babbling about being unclean and whatever. Then a strange spell seemed to come over her and she spoke with a different voice. This voice claimed to be Mara and that there was some sort of evil in the nearvy province of Reach. I'm unsure what to make of it but for the time being its not my problem. I have enough issues as it is. 

I gave the stone to the wizard but the greedy bastard gave me nothing for it - not even information! He did say it would take some time to decipher but still... I'll return later and hopefully I'll be able to collect my reward then. Its been a little over a week since the dragon attacked helgen and it seems the carriage guild is operating again. I've saved a little over a thousand copper so hopefully that will be enough for the journey. 

I had found some treasure maps during my travels so I went out to see if I could actually find some treasure. I found two chests, one in the mountains behind the Whiterun farms as well as one in a tree trunk outside of Riverwood. As it was getting dark by the time I found the last chest, I decided to treat myself to a warm room at the local inn. However the innkeeper seems to be out and the inn was closed. The bar was not however and I slightly overindulged.

I've made camp just outside the village as I'm not sure I could walk in a straight line, let alone make it back to the city in the dark.





---Last Seed, 25th, 4E 201---
I awoke in the morning and made my way back to Whiterun. Before I left for Solitude, I decided to clear one last bounty for some extra coin - a bandit was hiding in the sewer and there was a price on his head. I entered the sewers and after blindly wandering around for awhile I found his lair. But he was not in fact a bandit, but a gods damn Draugur! Guarded by two other damnable Draugur! Who shouted frost! 

So I turned around and sprinted all the way back until I was safely outside in the light. 

And then I took a carriage all the way to Solitude.

The carriage ride itself was fairly uneventful but when I entered the gates of Solitude, it seems there was an execuction going on. What a wonderful sight to see on my first visit to the city. Sees a man who had helped Ulfric escape after he killed the High King was being beheaded. I watched for a bit then backed away into the shadows. It seems this is the Imperial's capital here in Skyrim - I should stay out of their way.

Except for the fact that once I made my way to the College, I was rejected. Seems a plucky attitude was not enough to replace my lost lute. I'll need to find a replacement but I'm unsure how. Damn those imperials - my poor lute is probably reduced to ash under some rubble at Helgen.

While I do have some savings, I don't have nearly enough now that I can no longer count on a cot and food from the College. The inn here is rather pricy, same as it was in Whiterun. 

But outside the inn an Argonian asked if I was looking for work. Seems he plans to steal the cargo from a ship called the Icerunner and needed my help. His plan was to sabatoge the lighthouse so it would run aground. Its not something I would normally like to do but after my last bounty ended with icicles in unspeakable places, maybe I'll have better luck with is. And maybe I can prevent any innocent deaths as well by finding a different way to get the cargo?

I also was asked to show off a dress from the local cloth shop, Radiant Rainment. I was also asked to look into some kind of ghost by a madman on the streets. With little else to do, I agreeed. I spoke with the steward but he wouldn't not provide me accews to the quarters where the ghosts were. I also showed off the dress to the Jarl - she seems a litte out of her depth but she liked the dress. The cloth shopkeeper told me I could keep it for free so in the end it was worth it. I could finally wear something other than my bloody leathers.





---Last Seed, 26th, 4E 201---
I found the ghost in the blue palace - along with a mad god. He gave me a weird staff. It was an odd start to day thats for sure.

After dealing with that madness, I made my way to the lighthouse up north. I passed by a ship swarming with pirates! I'm took their sweetrolls and their booty, though there wasn't much to be found. I found a weird purple gem, the second so far. Also a golden plate that looks rare. I also FINALLY FOUND A LUTE. Seems the captain fancied himself a bard - but as he no longer needed it, its mine now!

I then made my way to the lighthouse and put the fire out. I met  the lizard on my way back to the city - seems his sister is leading the crew and they await me at the wreckage to the east. Hopefully not many sailors were hurt.

It was growing dark so I returned the Solitude inn were I was finally able to get some practice in. I played for the crowd and got enough tips for a meal.

Things are looking up! Tomorrow I'll meet the lizard's sister at the ship and hopefully will be able to make some extra silver!





---Last Seed, 28th, 4E 201---
It turns out the Icerunner was a trap - the lizard's sister had slaughtered all of the sailers and was waiting for my arrival. As soon as I met with her, she drew her blade and her crew turned on me. 

I killed them all. 

I found a note on the sisters body that mentioned where that lizard was holed. I made my way back to solitude, soaking wet and freezing. I slept for a couple hours at a time through out the night to try and keep warm. Once at the city I stocked up on rations and poisons. Then headed up toward the pirate's cove. There I slew the rest of the lizard's men. Finally, I took the lizard's head and dumped his corpse in the ocean.

I just wanted some coin.





---Last Seed, 29th, 4E 201---
I made camp outside the lizard's cove and in the morning headed back downsouth. I decided I'd try to clear out the wolf cave since it was more or less on the way. I easily cleared out some skeletons and a draugar the guarded the entrance but on going deeper, I ran into much more resistance. There was a pair of necromancers camped out - when I took a shot at one, a roar rang out from behind a nearby door. From behind it, came a very angry Drauger Overlord. He summoned a frost atronach and started spraying frost - but by that point I was already halfway back to the entrance. Seems another bounty that will have to wait another day... Gods damn draugur. I made my way back to Solitude and performed at the inn for a free meal and room.

In the morning I plan on visiting the college again to reapply.





---Last Seed, 31st, 4E 201---
I was accepted into the college! I was given a dorm room as well as my first lesson - which I passed after my third attempt! My next lesson is over the lyrics of popular songs in Skyrim. 





---Heartfire, 3rd, 4E 201---
I've spent the last four days settling into a routine. In the morning I would awake and study for exams. Then I would take the exam before noon, then head down to the Winking Skeever to get some real world practice in. I'd eat lunch using the tips I earned and then made my way to the castle's training ground.

There I would practice my swordplay and magic until dawn, then I would head to my dorm room.

There I would make use of the library and study whatever topic I found interesting. Tonight I studied more about thieves!

I also found a particularly hilarious book titled "The Healer's Tale."

I feel more like a monk than a bard but I was told I only two oral exams and two practical exams left!





---Heartfire, 5th, 4E 201---
I've past my flute practical exam! It took me twice as long as the other exams to pass, as I needed more practice, but I'm getting closer to being a full bard!

My next exam is over Poetic Edda. I plan on taking a break from my studys and heading southeast towrards the city of Morthal. There is a bounty for delivering a letter there and I could use the extra coin. While city life has certainly been relaxing (minus a trip to the sewerss where I got a nasty cut to the leg which took forever to heal), it has not been cheap. I plan on heading out at dawn tomorrow morning.






Bestiary


Quests

---Bandit in Sewers---
The  bandit in the sewers is not in fact a bandit, but a gods damn Draugar! Guarded by two other powerful Draugars! Who shout frost!

Fuck that.





---The man who cried wolf---
More fucking draugurs. Will come back later.






Persons


Miscellaneous

---Treasure stash at lizard's cove---
Seems there is a stash of treasure in a sunken boat near where I killed the lizard. I'll have to search for it next time I'm near the cove.






 
