Why did they start adventuring:
To find knowledge and learn more about the world. Her home life was a sheltered one. Hailing from a noble family in Daggerfall, her parents largely
kept her away from the world. Servants served her every need and private tutors were brought in from around Tameriel to educate her.

She was happy with her lofty life. Until her father arranged her to be married to a rival noble family in an attempt to merge the families together.
While her arranged husband was not mean-spirited or had any obvious issues, she was raised on tales of true loves. As a child locked away for most of her life, books had 
been her way to escape. She tried to talk with her father, but he would not listen to her. In fact, he put further restrictions on what she was allowed to do. No longer
was she allowed to read anything she desired. Many of her servants and tutors were let go, save for a few that were loyal to her father.

Frustrated by the lack of choice in her life, she decided to run away. 
She would be caged no longer - she wanted to experience life and learn what the world was truly like, as well as live by her own choices.

She made her escape during the middle of First Seed - her father was occupied with a trade deal and she took advantage that his attention was elsewhere.

She took what she could - a few pieces of jewelery, some books, a small pouch of silver that she had been squirreling away.

She made her way north - she kept to the roads and quickly burned through her silver. Then her jewelery. Finally, she even traded her books away for shelter and warm meal.

However during her travels she fell in with a bard - a Khajiit women named La'azami. She took the sheltered girl under her fur and taught her the ways of the bard.

How to play a lute and sing, how to negotiate with an innkeeper for a free meal and room, and how to use a dagger to shy away groping hands.

She traveled with La'azami all the to Camlorn. There they went their separate ways as La'azami was heading south to Waycrest. 
However Ari intended to continue traveling north, to the city of Northpoint where she had hoped to find a home with sympathetic family - a cousin who had agreed to shelter her from her father.

She made use of the skills La'azami tought her as she traveled roads - honing her skills as a bard. On her travels she heard about the renowned college of bards, in the Skyrim city of Solitude.

Eventually she arrived in Northpoint at the end of Midyear - but it seems her father had sent some of his men ahead in anticpation of her. She arrived
to her cousin's house ransacked by the local guard and her father's men searching for her.

She realized she could not stay in High Rock anymore and made her way to the docks - there she found passage to Solitude by way of a Khajiit smuggler, a friend of La'azami.

During the voyage the Khajiit, Rangh, told her of the civil war that was being waged in Skyrim. As a favor for La'azami, the Khajiit and his crew taught her how to swing a sword and use a bow. At least well enough to not harm herself.

Finally, she arrived at the docks of Solitude near the end of Last Seed - she thanked Rangh and his crew, and set out on her new journey.
